config: Enhance TTY Output with Color-Coded Logs (#10186)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10250-color-logs-to-tty.md

## feature/log

> * Enhance TTY Output with Color-Coded Logs. Set `NO_COLOR=1`
>   option to disable color output (gh-10250).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enhanced TTY output with color-coded logs. Set the `NO_COLOR`
  option to `1` to disable color output (gh-10250).
```
